Ancestry.com
    Sign in to your Ancestry account.
    From any page on Ancestry, click the DNA tab and select Your DNA Results Summary.
    On your DNA homepage, click Settings in the top-right corner.
    Scroll to the Actions section and click Download next to Download Raw DNA Data.
    Enter your password and check the box saying that you understand that your downloaded copy of DNA data will not be protected by Ancestry’s security measures after you download it. Your results will not be deleted from your account when you download your data. You can download your own DNA data once per every 24-hour period, as many times as you like.
    Click Confirm. After clicking Confirm, you'll get an email containing a link to confirm the download. The link will expire after seven days. To see which email address is associated with your Ancestry account, click your name or username in the top-right corner of Ancestry and select Your Account. The email address will be listed in the Your Account section of that page. If you’re in the right email account, check your junk folder. If you don’t receive the email within 24 hours, please give us a call.
    In the email, click Confirm Data Download. A download link can be used just once, and it will work for one week. If your link has expired, initiate another download.
    On the Download DNA Raw Data page on Ancestry, click Download DNA Raw Data.
        The link from the email should bring you to a page that says Download DNA Raw Data at the top. If instead, you’re prompted to sign in to your Ancestry account, sign in, and you’ll be brought to the right page.
        If you’re brought to a page that contains a DNA ad rather than a sign in page, you may be in someone else’s account; click the name or username in the top-right corner to sign out, then sign in to your account.
    The file will be downloaded to your computer. The file name will be dna-data-(date).zip. If you can’t find it, check your Downloads folder or your Desktop. You can also search for the file name (if you have a PC) by clicking the Windows key Image on your keyboard and entering the file name in the search field that appears, or (if you have an Apple computer) by clicking the Spotlight icon Image in the top-right corner of your screen and entering the file name in the search field that appears. To open the file, double-click it.

 23andMe
    Sign in. Under account go to explore raw dna.  Follow instructions to link. email will be sent. Follow directions on email.
